- **01 May 2016**
  - **John 14:7**
  - “If you had known me, you would have known my Father also. From now on you do know him and have seen him.”
- **02 May 2016**
  - **Colossians 4:2**
  - Continue steadfastly in prayer, being watchful in it with thanksgiving.
- **03 May 2016**
  - **Hebrews 5:9–10**
  - And being made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation to all who obey him, being designated by God a high priest after the order of Melchizedek.
- **04 May 2016**
  - **Genesis 28:12**
  - And he dreamed, and behold, there was a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven. And behold, the angels of God were ascending and descending on it!
- **05 May 2016**
  - **Job 12:23**
  - He makes nations great, and he destroys them; he enlarges nations, and leads them away.
- **06 May 2016**
  - **Judges 6:13–14**
  - And Gideon said to him, “… if the LORD is with us, why then has all this happened to us? … the LORD has forsaken us and given us into the hand of Midian.” And the LORD … said, “Go … and save Israel from the hand of Midian; do not I send you?”
- **07 May 2016**
  - **1 Samuel 17:45**
  - Then David said to the Philistine, “You come to me with a sword and with a spear and with a javelin, but I come to you in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom you have defied …”
- **08 May 2016**
  - **Ephesians 6:2–3**
  - “Honor your father and mother” (this is the first commandment with a promise), “that it may go well with you and that you may live long in the land.”
- **09 May 2016**
  - **Hebrews 4:14**
  - Since then we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, let us hold fast our confession.
- **10 May 2016**
  - **Proverbs 3:9–10**
  - Honor the LORD with your wealth and with the firstfruits of all your produce; then your barns will be filled with plenty, and your vats will be bursting with wine.
- **11 May 2016**
  - **Proverbs 21:31**
  - The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but the victory belongs to the LORD.
- **12 May 2016**
  - **Matthew 12:49–50**
  - And stretching out his hand toward his disciples, he said, “Here are my mother and my brothers! For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother.”
- **13 May 2016**
  - **Proverbs 30:8–9**
  - Remove far from me falsehood and lying; give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with the food that is needful for me, lest I be full and deny you and say, “Who is the LORD?” or lest I be poor and steal and profane the name of my God.
- **14 May 2016**
  - **Isaiah 26:12**
  - O LORD, you will ordain peace for us, for you have indeed done for us all our works.
- **15 May 2016**
  - **John 16:13**
  - When the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all the truth, for he will not speak on his own authority, but whatever he hears he will speak, and he will declare to you the things that are to come.
- **16 May 2016**
  - **Proverbs 14:12**
  - There is a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way to death.
- **17 May 2016**
  - **Isaiah 40:3–4**
  - A voice cries: “In the wilderness prepare the way of the LORD; make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Every valley shall be lifted up, and every mountain and hill be made low…”
- **18 May 2016**
  - **Ephesians 6:11–12**
  - Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the schemes of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but…against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places.
- **19 May 2016**
  - **1 Corinthians 15:55–57**
  - “O death, where is your victory? O death, where is your sting?” The sting of death is sin, and the power of sin is the law. But thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
- **20 May 2016**
  - **Psalm 63:3–4**
  - Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you. So I will bless you as long as I live; in your name I will lift up my hands.
- **21 May 2016**
  - **Psalm 108:12–13**
  - Oh grant us help against the foe, for vain is the salvation of man! With God we shall do valiantly; it is he who will tread down our foes.
- **22 May 2016**
  - **Luke 8:25**
  - He said to them, “Where is your faith?” And they were afraid, and they marveled, saying to one another, “Who then is this, that he commands even the winds and water, and they obey him?”
- **23 May 2016**
  - **Psalm 27:14**
  - Wait for the LORD; be strong, and let your heart take courage; wait for the LORD!
- **24 May 2016**
  - **Isaiah 55:8–9**
  - For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the LORD. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.
- **25 May 2016**
  - **Psalm 62:5**
  - For God alone, O my soul, wait in silence, for my hope is from him.
- **26 May 2016**
  - **Romans 15:30**
  - I appeal to you brothers, by our Lord Jesus Christ and by the love of the Spirit, to strive together with me in your prayers to God on my behalf…
- **27 May 2016**
  - **Luke 22:19**
  - And he took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and gave it to them, saying, “This is my body, which is given for you. Do this in remembrance of me.”
- **28 May 2016**
  - **Ecclesiastes 12:11**
  - The words of the wise are like goads, and like nails firmly fixed are the collected sayings; they are given by one Shepherd.
- **29 May 2016**
  - **Luke 18:1**
  - And he told them a parable to the effect that they ought always to pray and not lose heart.
- **30 May 2016**
  - **2 Samuel 7:28**
  - And now, O LORD God, you are God, and your words are true, and you have promised this good thing to your servant.
- **31 May 2016**
  - **Luke 1:46–47**
  - And Mary said, “My soul magnifies the Lord, and my spirit rejoices in God my Savior… ”

  Bible text taken from The Classic Reference Edition, English Standard Version® (ESV®) / Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, / a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers