- **01 Mar 2016**
  - **Philippians 2:8**
  - And being found in human form, he humbled himself by becoming obedient to the point of death, even death on a cross.
- **02 Mar 2016**
  - **Acts 20:28**
  - Pay careful attention to yourselves and to all the flock, in which the Holy Spirit has made you overseers, to care for the church of God, which he obtained with his own blood.
- **03 Mar 2016**
  - **Revelation 19:6**
  - Then I heard what seemed to be the voice of a great multitude, like the roar of many waters and like the sound of mighty peals of thunder, crying out, “Hallelujah! For the Lord our God the Almighty reigns.”
- **04 Mar 2016**
  - **Proverbs 4:18**
  - But the path of the righteous is like the light of dawn, which shines brighter and brighter until full day.
- **05 Mar 2016**
  - **1 Samuel 15:22**
  - “Has the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to listen than the fat of rams.”
- **06 Mar 2016**
  - **Hebrews 11:8**
  - By faith Abraham obeyed when he was called to go out to a place that he was to receive as an inheritance. And he went out, not knowing where he was going.
- **07 Mar 2016**
  - **Matthew 5:17**
  - Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them.
- **08 Mar 2016**
  - **1 Thessalonians 4:3**
  - For this is the will of God, your sanctification: that you abstain from sexual immorality …
- **09 Mar 2016**
  - **2 Timothy 1:9**
  - … who saved us and called us to a holy calling, not because of our works but because of his own purpose and grace, which he gave us in Christ Jesus before the ages began …
- **10 Mar 2016**
  - **Psalm 9:1**
  - I will give thanks to the LORD with my whole heart; I will recount all of your wonderful deeds.
- **11 Mar 2016**
  - **Psalm 139:4**
  - Even before a word is on my tongue, behold, O LORD, you know it altogether.
- **12 Mar 2016**
  - **Colossians 3:3**
  - For you have died, and your life is hidden with Christ in God.
- **13 Mar 2016**
  - **Psalm 19:9–10**
  - … the fear of the LORD is clean, enduring forever; the rules of the LORD are true, and righteous altogether. More to be desired are they than gold, even much fine gold; sweeter also than honey and drippings of the honeycomb.
- **14 Mar 2016**
  - **Matthew 14:29**
  - He said, “Come.” So Peter got out of the boat and walked on the water and came to Jesus.
- **15 Mar 2016**
  - **1 Peter 2:7**
  - So the honor is for you who believe, but for those who do not believe, “The stone that the builders rejected has become the cornerstone …”
- **16 Mar 2016**
  - **Matthew 13:44**
  - “The kingdom of heaven is like treasure hidden in a field, which a man found and covered up. Then in his joy he goes and sells all that he has and buys that field.”
- **17 Mar 2016**
  - **Genesis 12:3**
  - “I will bless those who bless you, and him who dishonors you I will curse, and in you all the families of the earth shall be blessed.”
- **18 Mar 2016**
  - **Revelation 1:17**
  - When I saw him, I fell at his feet as though dead. But he laid his right hand on me, saying, “Fear not, I am the first and the last …”
- **19 Mar 2016**
  - **Matthew 1:18**
  - Now the birth of Jesus Christ took place in this way. When his mother Mary had been betrothed to Joseph, before they came together she was found to be with child from the Holy Spirit.
- **20 Mar 2016**
  - **Psalm 16:2**
  - I say to the LORD, “You are my Lord; I have no good apart from you.”
- **21 Mar 2016**
  - **Colossians 3:24**
  - … knowing that from the Lord you will receive the inheritance as your reward. You are serving the Lord Christ.
- **22 Mar 2016**
  - **Matthew 26:40**
  - And he came to the disciples and found them sleeping. And he said to Peter, “So, could you not watch with me one hour?”
- **23 Mar 2016**
  - **Colossians 1:28**
  - Him we proclaim, warning everyone and teaching everyone with all wisdom, that we may present everyone mature in Christ.
- **24 Mar 2016**
  - **Zechariah 9:9**
  - Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion! Shout aloud, O daughter of Jerusalem! Behold, your king is coming to you; righteous and having salvation is he, humble and mounted on a donkey, on a colt, the foal of a donkey.
- **25 Mar 2016**
  - **Ephesians 1:7**
  - In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace …
- **26 Mar 2016**
  - **1 Corinthians 5:7–8**
  - … For Christ, our Passover lamb, has been sacrificed. Let us therefore celebrate the festival, not with the old leaven, the leaven of malice and evil, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth
- **27 Mar 2016**
  - **1 Corinthians 15:19–20**
  - If in Christ we have hope in this life only, we are of all people most to be pitied. But in fact Christ has been raised from the dead, the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep.
- **28 Mar 2016**
  - **John 13:1**
  - Now before the Feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour had come to depart out of this world to the Father, having loved his own who were in the world, he loved them to the end.
- **29 Mar 2016**
  - **Hebrews 10:10**
  - And by that will we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
- **30 Mar 2016**
  - **Colossians 2:15**
  - He disarmed the rulers and authorities and put them to open shame, by triumphing over them in him.
- **31 Mar 2016**
  - **Colossians 3:1**
  - If then you have been raised with Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ is, seated at the right hand of God.

  Bible text taken from The Classic Reference Edition, English Standard Version® (ESV®) / Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, / a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers