- **01 Jun 2016**
  - **Psalm 74:17**
  - You have fixed all the boundaries of the earth; you have made summer and winter.
- **02 Jun 2016**
  - **Colossians 1:19–20**
  - For in him all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell, and through him to reconcile to himself all things, whether on earth or in heaven, making peace by the blood of his cross.
- **03 Jun 2016**
  - **1 John 4:10**
  - In this is love, not that we have loved God but that he loved us and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
- **04 Jun 2016**
  - **Romans 8:38**
  - For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height, nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.
- **05 Jun 2016**
  - **Deuteronomy 8:3**
  - And he humbled you and let you hunger and fed you with manna…that he might make you know that man does not live by bread alone, but man lives by every word that comes from the mouth of the LORD.
- **06 Jun 2016**
  - **Micah 7:7**
  - But as for me, I will look to the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation; my God will hear me.
- **07 Jun 2016**
  - **John 15:12–13**
  - “This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends.”
- **08 Jun 2016**
  - **Isaiah 40:26**
  - Lift up your eyes on high and see: who created these? He who brings out their host by number, calling them all by name, by the greatness of his might, and because he is strong in power not one is missing.
- **09 Jun 2016**
  - **Psalm 51:10**
  - Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me.
- **10 Jun 2016**
  - **John 14:16**
  - And I will ask the Father, and he will give you another Helper, to be with you forever…
- **11 Jun 2016**
  - **Hebrews 10:24**
  - And let us consider how to stir up one another to love and good works…
- **12 Jun 2016**
  - **John 4:14**
  - “…but whoever drinks of the water that I will give him will never be thirsty again. The water that I will give him will become in him a spring of water welling up to eternal life.”
- **13 Jun 2016**
  - **Matthew 5:16**
  - In the same way, let your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father who is in heaven.
- **14 Jun 2016**
  - **Psalm 20:5**
  - May we shout for joy over your salvation, and in the name of our God set up our banners! May the LORD fulfill all your petitions!
- **15 Jun 2016**
  - **Revelation 21:23**
  - And the city has no need of sun or moon to shine on it, for the glory of God gives it light, and its lamp is the Lamb.
- **16 Jun 2016**
  - **1 John 3:1**
  - See what kind of love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God; and so we are. The reason why the world does not know us is that it did not know him.
- **17 Jun 2016**
  - **Psalm 5:3**
  - O LORD, in the morning you hear my voice; in the morning I prepare a sacrifice for you and watch.
- **18 Jun 2016**
  - **Psalm 32:5**
  - I acknowledged my sin to you, and I did not cover my iniquity; I said, “I will confess my transgressions to the LORD,” and you forgave the iniquity of my sin…
- **19 Jun 2016**
  - **1 Corinthians 7:22**
  - For he who was called in the Lord as a slave is a freedman of the Lord. Likewise he who was free when called is a slave of Christ.
- **20 Jun 2016**
  - **1 Peter 2:9**
  - But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for his own possession, that you may proclaim the excellencies of him who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light.
- **21 Jun 2016**
  - **Isaiah 65:17**
  - For behold, I create new heavens and a new earth, and the former things shall not be remembered or come into mind.
- **22 Jun 2016**
  - **Genesis 22:8**
  - Abraham said, “God will provide for himself the lamb for a burnt offering, my son.” So they went both of them together.
- **23 Jun 2016**
  - **Song of Solomon 1:4**
  - Draw me after you; let us run. The king has brought me into his chambers. We will exult and rejoice in you; we will extol your love more than wine; rightly do they love you.
- **24 Jun 2016**
  - **Matthew 11:11**
  - Truly, I say to you, among those born of women there has arisen no one greater than John the Baptist. Yet the one who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.
- **25 Jun 2016**
  - **Isaiah 64:8–9**
  - But now, O LORD, you are our Father; we are the clay, and you are the potter; we are all the work of your hand. Be not so terribly angry, O LORD, and remember not iniquity forever. Behold, please look, we are all your people.
- **26 Jun 2016**
  - **Matthew 28:19**
  - Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit…
- **27 Jun 2016**
  - **Genesis 1:27**
  - So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them.
- **28 Jun 2016**
  - **Acts 20:24**
  - But I do not account my life of any value nor as precious to myself, if only I may finish my course and the ministry that I received from the Lord Jesus, to testify to the gospel of the grace of God.
- **29 Jun 2016**
  - **Philippians 3:9**
  - …and be found in him, not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law, but that which comes through faith in Christ, the righteousness from God that depends on faith…
- **30 Jun 2016**
  - **Hebrews 10:25**
  - …not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day drawing near.

  Bible text taken from The Classic Reference Edition, English Standard Version® (ESV®) / Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, / a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers