- **01 Apr 2016**
  - **1 John 4:19**
  - We love because he first loved us.
- **02 Apr 2016**
  - **Colossians 3:3**
  - For you have died, and your life is hidden with Christ in God.
- **03 Apr 2016**
  - **1 John 5:4**
  - For everyone who has been born of God overcomes the world. And this is the victory that has overcome the world—our faith.
- **04 Apr 2016**
  - **Hebrews 5:8**
  - Although he was a son, he learned obedience through what he suffered.
- **05 Apr 2016**
  - **Hosea 12:6**
  - “So you, by the help of your God, return, hold fast to love and justice, and wait continually for your God.”
- **06 Apr 2016**
  - **Isaiah 53:11**
  - Out of the anguish of his soul he shall see and be satisfied; by his knowledge shall the righteous one, my servant, make many to be accounted righteous, and he shall bear their iniquities.
- **07 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 27:4**
  - One thing have I asked of the LORD, that will I seek after: that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the LORD and to inquire in his temple.
- **08 Apr 2016**
  - **Isaiah 7:14**
  - Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign. Behold, the virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.
- **09 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 91:8–9**
  - You will only look with your eyes and see the recompense of the wicked.
- **10 Apr 2016**
  - **Genesis 1:5**
  - God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, the first day.
- **11 Apr 2016**
  - **Revelation 11:17**
  - “We give thanks to you, Lord God Almighty, who is and who was, for you have taken your great power and begun to reign.”
- **12 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 139:14**
  - I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are your works; my soul knows it very well.
- **13 Apr 2016**
  - **Titus 3:8**
  - The saying is trustworthy, and I want you to insist on these things, so that those who have believed in God may be careful to devote themselves to good works. These things are excellent and profitable for people.
- **14 Apr 2016**
  - **Revelation 4:11**
  - “Worthy are you, our Lord and God, to receive glory and honor and power, for you created all things, and by your will they existed and were created.”
- **15 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 150:6**
  - Let everything that has breath praise the LORD! Praise the LORD!
- **16 Apr 2016**
  - **Colossians 2:15**
  - He disarmed the rulers and authorities and put them to open shame, by triumphing over them in him.
- **17 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 103:2**
  - Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits …
- **18 Apr 2016**
  - **Jude 25**
  - … to the only God, our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord, be glory, majesty, dominion, and authority, before all time and now and forever. Amen.
- **19 Apr 2016**
  - **Deuteronomy 6:13**
  - It is the LORD your God you shall fear. Him you shall serve and by his name you shall swear.
- **20 Apr 2016**
  - **Genesis 3:8–9**
  - And they heard the sound of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day, and the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God among the trees of the garden. But the LORD called to the man and said to him, “Where are you?”
- **21 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 100:4**
  - Enter his gates with thanksgiving, and his courts with praise! Give thanks to him; bless his name!
- **22 Apr 2016**
  - **Psalm 96:11–12**
  - Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice; let the sea roar, and all that fills it; let the field exult, and everything in it! Then shall all the trees of the forest sing for joy …
- **23 Apr 2016**
  - **Isaiah 62:5**
  - … as the bridegroom rejoices over the bride, so shall your God rejoice over you.
- **24 Apr 2016**
  - **2 Corinthians 9:15**
  - Thanks be to God for his inexpressible gift!
- **25 Apr 2016**
  - **Amos 3:8**
  - “The lion has roared; who will not fear? The Lord GOD has spoken; who can but prophesy?”
- **26 Apr 2016**
  - **2 Corinthians 9:6–7**
  - The point is this: whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.
- **27 Apr 2016**
  - **Isaiah 11:1**
  - There shall come forth a shoot from the stump of Jesse, and a branch from his roots shall bear fruit.
- **28 Apr 2016**
  - **Matthew 28:6**
  - He is not here, for he has risen, as he said. Come, see the place where he lay.
- **29 Apr 2016**
  - **2 Corinthians 10:17**
  - “Let the one who boasts, boast in the Lord.”
- **30 Apr 2016**
  - **1 Peter 5:8**
  - Be sober-minded; be watchful. Your adversary the devil prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour.
